What kind of martial arts of the Valkyrie Platform?
Could it be that he is really from the Martial God Platform?
How is that possible?
How could there be a blind man on the Martial God Platform?
Coincidence is definitely coincidence
His division commander 2 counts zombies
Otherwise, he is blind
How could it be the opponent of the spirit beast?
Give me peace
Bold and Small
How dare you steal the martial arts of my Martial God Platform
I see
No wonder this kid dares to be so fearless
It turned out that he stole the martial arts of the Wushentai
Lord Zhang Jieshi
This trash stole the martial arts of the Martial God Platform
It seems that only you have shot
Please be seven feet long. Adults must
To rectify the law
Please make it so that adults will correct the law
Please make it so that adults must correct the law
Please ask a seven-foot-long adult to correct the law
It seems that I can't keep you
Go ahead.
How do you want to play?
You're so arrogant when you're dying
arrogant
Men don't cut the wind and clouds
Born with an eight-foot body on an empty stomach
You've forgotten the commandments of the Pentateuch
No one knows it in the commandments mantra of Takesutai
It seems that he has been stealing from Takeseidai for a long time
You think I'm stealing from Takeseidai
Then I'd like to see how many moves you can take from me